Produce consume tutorial in scala (#459)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/produce-consume-lang/scala/markup/prod/2_0-producer-docker-image.adoc

In your terminal, execute the following command to invoke the Jib plugin and build a docker image for the producer app:

+++++
<pre class="snippet"><code class="bash">{%
    include_raw tutorials/produce-consume-lang/scala/code/tutorial-steps/prod/build-producer.sh
%}</code></pre>
+++++

> Find the sbt task configuration of `packageProducer` in the _build.sbt_ file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference the sbt task configuration of `packageProducer` in the _build.sbt_ file for details.
```
